More edits to the history chapter (#98)
pavpanchekha/emberfox: book/history.md

interesting and important to study. Now we'll dig a bit into the web itself,
where it came from, and how the web and browsers have evolved to date. This
history is by no means exhaustive.[^sgml] Instead, you should view it as a brief
foray into a much larger---and quite interesting in its own right---subject.

> Despite that brevity, you'll learn about some many of the key efforts,
> designs and events that led to the web we know today, and how they came to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite that brevity, it covers some of the key efforts,
designs and events that led to the web we know today, and how they came to be.
```

=================

The earliest exploration of how computers might revolutionize information is a

> 1945 essay by entitled [As We May

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1945 essay by Vannevar Bush entitled [As We May
```

similarities to the web as we know it today, even if the user interface and
technology details differ.

Two features of the Memex were highlighted in the essay: information record
lookup, and associations between related records. In fact, the essay emphasizes
the importance of the latter---we learn and improve not just by learning what is
known, but by making previously-unknown connections *between known things*:

> The human mind does not work that way. It operates by association.

> By association, meaning a train or trail of thought, leading from one record
> (document!) to the next via a human-curated link. We need not just a universal
> library, but a universal way to record the results of what we learn. That is
> what the web can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By "association", Bush meant a trail of thought leading from one record
to the next via a human-curated link. He imagined not just a universal
library, but a universal way to record the results of what we learn. That is
what the web can do.
```

The web is at its core organized around the Memex-like goal of _representing and
displaying information_, and how to provide a way for humans to effectively
learn and explore that information. The collective knowledge and wisdom of the
species long ago exceeded the capacity of a single mind, organization, library,
country, culture, group or language. However, while we as humans cannot possibly
know even a tiny fraction of what is possible to know, we can use technology to

> learn more efficiently than before, and *in particular*, to quickly access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learn more efficiently than before, and, *in particular*, to quickly access
```

information we need to learn, remember or recall. Computers, and the internet,
allow us to _process and store_ as much information as we want. The _web_, on
the other hand, plays the role of _organizing and finding_ that information and
knowledge to make it useful.[^google-mission]

[^google-mission]: The Google search engine's well-known
[mission](https://about.google/) statement to “organize the world’s information

> and make it universally accessible and useful” is almost exactly the same as
> this. This is not a coincidence---the search engine concept is inherently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and make it universally accessible and useful” is almost exactly the same.
This is not a coincidence---the search engine concept is inherently
```

effects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_effect) made possible by
compatibility between sites and the power of the hyperlink to reinforce this
compatibility. Hyperlinks drive traffic between sites, but also into the web

> _from the outside_, via sources such as email, social networking, and search
> engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_from the outside_, from sources such as email, social networking, and search
engines.
```

originally developed by Netscape starting in 1997; the
[Firefox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefox) browser is descended from this
codebase.  During the first browser war period, nearly all of the core features

> of the simple browser that goes along with this book were added,

Author: ```suggestion
of this book's simple browser were added,
```

> of the simple browser that goes along with this book were added,
> including CSS, DOM, and JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of this book's simple browser were added,
including CSS, DOM, and JavaScript.
```

Otherwise kind of confusing to parse. Maybe rephrasing some other way is better.
